Instructions
	Watching
	Hosting
	Signing up

Homepage

1. Arrow pointing down “scroll for more”
    a) This will allow users to easily see where they can find more information about the site
2. Create a more obvious way to show users they can scroll over the discussion title to see a       description of the livestream
3. Trim down dense descriptions so users will not lose attention
4. Increase font size on descriptions for older users
5. Articulate what “joining discussion” means
6. Create more padding between Facebook share and Twitter tweet buttons under list of Upcoming Livestream Discussions
7. Create a way for users to be unable to join a discussion until the discussion host has joined
8. When hover over “Join Discussion” button, say “Open on ‘date’” → when it is that date say, “Open at ‘time’”.
9. Events/1 page → confirm that the user RSVP’d and show number of people that rsvpd → right now it just reroutes to the home page after typing email to rsvp
10. events/215 → show page → under show
Fix this page
11. Decrease variable number of people seen on Jitsky live stream → go to API on Jitsky website
12. Is there a CSS page specifically for the events/new page like the one for merchandises/new page?
13. Where is the HTML and CSS for the share and tweet buttons under ‘upcoming livestream discussions’?
14. Create a ‘manage events’ page and add it to control panel

UX Notes
1. Website should clearly cater to the individual too for organization name
2. Make it more clear how to edit profile
3. Fix grammar of home page
4. Make logo clearly display purpose of website
5. Set reminder button to have a reminder that a livestream is coming up → notifications
6. Footer info is confusing → create perk with FAQ
7. Make nav bars more clear
8. “Create Perk” should lead to a new/merch page
9. Instructions for Stripe
10. When no description → shouldn’t be ‘ ‘
11. Create perk button by current perks on user’s profile page
12. Create event button on user’s profile page

1. Don’t understand what perks mean
2. Perk explanation is too long and confusing → too hard to skim
3. Easier way to access profiles
4. Isn’t clear that you can hover over title to learn more
5. Clearer nav bar
6. About us page
7. Page where livestreams are listed by profile or topic
8. Podcast vibe (interactive in real time)
9. Clinic could use it for interactive discussions and people looking to get involved could      ask questions
10. “Town hall” style meeting → updates on how clinic is going
11. How to tutorials
12. Workshops → where you can ask questions
13. Wouldn’t have had a clear idea of what the website was without verbal explanation
14. Gravitate first to the nav bar (should have more content there)
15. Be more clear that it is interactive
16. Not clear that you don’t have to be an organization to join
17. Watching interesting discussions back

18. Would use it as an interactive classroom → so lecture where students can ask questions
        a) Review session through the livestream
        b) A class has their own channel linked to canvas so students can access it

19. Invalid email and password notification needs to be clearer
20. Description too dense to easily skim
21. Have key for what is required

23. Name or organisation
24. No yellow font
25. Perk not a great name for merchandise
26. Link to other peoples perks
27. Create New after clicking donation button?
28. Stripe easy to use
29. Make it more clear that you can rewatch old live-streams

30. Name instead organization
31. Put instagram or facebook under twitter handle too
32. Make it more clear where 'View profile'
33. Where is 'about you' going?
34. Fix arrow :(
35. Change livestream to "about" or something
36. Per week in upcoming livestream discussion
37. Make date/time info larger font
38. Make descriptions on 'create perk' more clear
39. Put 'dont worry you can edit these later' at bottom of page
40. 'Donate' needs to redirect to different format page
41. Notes in corner of screen during log in/failed log in are very hidden
42. Cancel button redirect to ThinQ.tv
43. Patron Perk note needs to be more clear

1. Livestream page needs more padding all around (esp. padding-top)
2. The title of the livestream needs to be listed on the Livestream page
3. Buying/Donating perks pages are not nice looking and confusing


Lisa Notes
Ad button at the bottom of current livestream showing the next  livestream coming up after
